Updating global flags to point to the list in the minio-mc page (#541)
minio/docs: source/includes/common-minio-mc.rst

.. start-minio-mc-globals

> Use any of the :ref:`global flags <minio-mc-global-options>` with this command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command supports any of the :ref:`global flags <minio-mc-global-options>`.
```

or say "You can use any global flags..."

Nit picky really.

Author: Your suggestion is better, thanks.
